application/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://github.com/TheTrain2000/async2rewrite/blob/master/logo.png?raw=true
    :align: center

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/async2rewrite.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/async2rewrite
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/TheTrain2000/async2rewrite.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/TheTrain2000/async2rewrite

Disclaimer:
async2rewrite does not complete 100% of the necessary conversions. It is a tool designed to minimize the amount of tedious work required.

`Migration Documentation`_

.. _Migration Documentation: https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/rewrite/migrating.html

About
------------

.. image:: https://my.mixtape.moe/tphhop.png
    :align: center

The async2rewrite application is just a user-friendly version of the library. It allows you to convert snippets, or even convert whole files.

.. image:: https://my.mixtape.moe/nszcgi.png
    :height: 452px
    :width: 960px
    :align: center

It even informs you of errors within the text, or gives a notification when using the files converter.

Snippet
~~~~~~~~~~~~
.. image:: https://my.mixtape.moe/budqiy.png
    :align: center

File
~~~~~~~~~~~~
.. image:: https://my.mixtape.moe/iwfvij.png
    :align: center

Commit message:

Changed standards and added new features.
README.rst
- Added usage for GUI Extension

async2rewrite\__main__.py
- CLI now opens the GUI Extension if no flags are given.

application\README.rst
- Fixed formatting of titles
- Added images locally
- Added usage of the GUI Extension

application\core.py
- Removed top-level docstring
- Sorted top-level imports
- Changed method/class docstring style
- Added exit button to main menu
- Changed file conversion save system (It now uses a dict, not a string)
- The file conversion error now shows the full path
- Removed Auto-'Copy To Clipboard' feature
- Added commercial to credits

application/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://github.com/TheTrain2000/async2rewrite/blob/master/logo.png?raw=true
    :align: center

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/async2rewrite.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/async2rewrite
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/TheTrain2000/async2rewrite.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/TheTrain2000/async2rewrite

Disclaimer:
async2rewrite does not complete 100% of the necessary conversions. It is a tool designed to minimize the amount of tedious work required.

`Migration Documentation`_

.. _Migration Documentation: https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/rewrite/migrating.html

About
-----

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NCPlayz/async2rewrite/master/application/images/main_window.png
    :align: center

The async2rewrite application is just a user-friendly version of the library. It allows you to convert snippets, or even convert whole files.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NCPlayz/async2rewrite/master/application/images/snippet_file_convert.png
    :height: 452px
    :width: 960px
    :align: center

It even informs you of errors within the text, or gives a notification when using the files converter.

Snippet
~~~~~~~
.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NCPlayz/async2rewrite/master/application/images/snippet_fail.png
    :align: center

File
~~~~
.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NCPlayz/async2rewrite/master/application/images/file_fail.png
    :align: center

Usage
-----

You can run from the Command Line with no flags, or simply launch ``launcher.py``.

.. code:: sh

    python -m async2rewrite
